Add detail on setting app permissions in AAD (#276)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth.md

Follow the instructions listed in [Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform](/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app) to create a new application.

> Once registered, make the following changes to grant users delegated permissions to call the APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once registered, to grant users delegated permissions to call the APIs, make the following changes.
```

> 1. Assign Microsoft Graph API permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assign Microsoft Graph API permissions.
```

>     1. Go to *API permissions* for the new application registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. For the new application registration, go to **API permissions**.
```

>     1. Select *Add a permission*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select **Add a permission**.
```

>     1. Select *Microsoft Graph*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select **Microsoft Graph**.
```

>     1. Select *Delegated permissions*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select **Delegated permissions**.
```

>     1. Search for and select *IMAP.AccessAsUser.All*, *SMTP.Send*, or *POP.AccessAsUser.All*, depending on which protocol will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Depending on which protocol will be used, search for **IMAP.AccessAsUser.All**, **SMTP.Send**, or **POP.AccessAsUser.All** and select.
```

>     1. Click *Add permissions* to save the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. To save changes, select **Add permissions**.
```

>     1. If necessary, grant permissions to your organisation by clicking the grant admin consent button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If necessary, to grant permissions to your organization select **Grant admin consent**.
```

> 1. Enable user sign-in for Exchange Online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable user sign-in for Exchange Online.
```

>     1. Navigate to *Enterprise Applications* in your AAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In Azure AD, navigate to **Enterprise Applications**.
```

>     1. Search for Office 365 Exchange Online (you may need to change the filter to All Applications) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Search for Office 365 Exchange Online. Note, you may need to change the filter to **All Applications**.
```

>     1. Select the *Office 365 Excahnge Online application* and in the Properties for this app, and ensure that the "Enabled for users to sign-in?" setting is set to Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select **Office 365 Excahnge Online application** and in the **Properties** for this app, ensure that the **Enabled for users to sign-in?** setting is set to *Yes*.
```
